In the article, I Have Nothing to Say and I’m Saying It: Net Art’s Corporate Turns, there was a line that said: "the internet... was ... a key engine for the global movement of capital, and consequently as a means for resistance against it." I found this quote quite striking when I read it. In the article, there were a number of artists and groups that used the internet as their medium for resistance. Growing up with the internet, I never knew about these forms of resistance. Some pieces that stood out to me were Automatic Rain and I/O/D's The Web Stalker. I thought these two works were interesting because the artists took the concept of the internet or cyberspace and stretched it to a new level. Automatic Rain took the limitations of the web and made a unique rainfall. For I/O/D's The Web Stalker, this piece stretched the concept of HTML and utilized the web infrastructure as its main component.

These archives in the article highlight the interaction, limitations, and opportunities of the web. The human-computer interaction connected users from all around the world to interact together and experience the same thing together. In the article, Michael Connor states that instead of "content is king", "context is king." This really ties in with Automatic Rain and The Web Stalker because it's the surrounding environment and interaction that pulls in users. The content on a given page is important but it's that content with everything else around that makes it important.

The piece that I chose to analyze was I/O/D's The Web Stalker. The title drew me in with "web stalker." This work was a critique to commercial browsers for encouraging restrictive modes of browsing and different rendering to gain the foreground. This piece provided a different way of rendering web pages and offered a new kind of interface of browsing that could rival Microsoft's and Netscape.
