** How do relationships, intimacy, and interpersonal connections exist online? **

After reading the two articles, I found it interesting that non-digital-natives found that this kind of online relationships or just sharing complex emotions online isn't a part of their reality. I think as I grew up and with the people around me, I was already part of the digital-natives. Growing up with the internet naturally allowed me to share my emotions and life updates to the web.

I think it’s interesting in the second article *In the Name of Love,* Evans is conveying that we shouldn’t invest all of our personal life in the online world. He talks about how the post breakup routine has shifted from burning letters to snooping around your ex’s feed and seeing if they're online or not. I particularly liked his line “the rewards of love under the radar are more profound.” I think it really struck me because as a digital-native, I use to post everything on my story (whether it be Snapchat or Instagram). I would post boring things like what I’m eating or a selfie to show what I’m doing. I naturally did this because all of my surrounding friends were uploading their life updates online as well. But I think it didn’t hit me until 2-3 years ago that it’s better to post less and keep the memories within my head or on my phone and off social media. One, because I think no one really cares about the same thing I'm eating everything and two, because the memory of seeing a nice sunset or having a good time with your friends is more intimate when it's just between you and your friends. This concept of having your relationships or interpersonal connections "distributed" is especially relevant today because nearly anything can be traced back to its initial upload.

This idea of digital connections over screens is not limited to just online relationships with Grindr and Tinder, but can also be referenced to all other aspects of living. For example, career-wise, remote working calls for video calls through a technical medium and LinkedIn is available for networking. I think within the last two years, this question of "Is it possible to share complex emotions through a tech medium?" has definitely started to lean closer on one side.
