Now You're **IN** my Computer

This article was interesting when they detailing into the 3 projects. I liked how the author here includes a quote from an artist describing Life Sharing as "abstract pornography." At a time where selfies weren't around yet, there were hardly any photos online. I think in the modern-day, the word pornography is generally associated with the visual representation of the body in a sexual context. But here, just bits and pieces of living, like showing bank notes and phone calls, was considered "abstract pornography." I think it was interesting how they were essentially archiving a persona to the online digital space. It wasn't 100% themselves, as they used their alias, but it outlined a sense of big open doors with no privacy as their motto "PRIVACY IS STUPID."

I also like how the author draws a contrast between the early web years with the web today. "'PRIVACY IS STUPID' only felt viable in the early, experimental years." With platforms like MySpace, more and more people were putting more personal information online. I think it's interesting because even to this day, there are people that put in a good chunk of their life on the web in forms like video or images. We are using the digital space to form this online identity which is or isn't similar to your RL identity.

The Different **WORLDS** of Cao Fei

I was really quite pleasantly intrigued by RMB city. The virtual city of SL and RL was so strikingly different. I liked this quote in particular: “For cosplayers, they put on different costumes in their real life, but they’re conscious of playing a game. When you’re online in a totally new world, your physical self is more invisible, and it’s your inner self that’s revealed.” Cao Fei and China Tracy lived two different lives. Cao Fei was an artist in RL, while China Tracy was online having a love affair with an old white male. Her projects really drew users in with different users willing to spend a fair amount of "real" money to get land and goods and services online, just like in real life. How she describes her SL was interesting as well, where users are importing their personal desires and inner self onto the virtual world.
